hello
hi welcome
thank you thank you for having me um can
you first start by just telling me what
would you like to be how do you want me
to refer to you today
ann anderson okay and can you tell us a
little bit about where we can find you
on the interwebs
yeah um i've been streaming on twitch
for
seven and a half almost eight years just
over seven years um yeah so i'm
twitch.tv slash ammunition i've been all
over the place for a long time um
[Music]
youtube all the socials are all the same
sure cool and what kind of streaming do
you usually do
um i mostly play fps games i was really
big into rainbow six siege for a long
time um lately i've been playing a lot
of escape from tarkov
um and i kind of sometimes will just get
you know some uh variety games and i
like first person um like rpgs last of
us the witcher that kind of thing um but
most of the time i'm playing fps games
what do you like about fps games
um i
grew up on fps games i started i think
one of my very first video games was
goldeneye when i was a kid
and 64.
yeah
yeah and i've just always i mean i was
really big into halo
um
yeah i've always i've just always played
fbs games
cool yeah i've always sucked at fps
games including it started with golden
eye
and has continued through quake and
unreal tournament and at that point i
just kind of gave up back around 2004.
so yeah i had a lot of fun playing that
in high school like halo and halo 2.
yeah yeah cool
um so thanks for coming on today uh is
there something in particular you wanted
to talk about
or anything that we could potentially
help you with yeah we talked about um i
talked about this a lot on stream
actually about how i feel like streaming
over the course of time that i've been
doing it um has had a lot of impact on
the way that i socialize and i was
even with streaming i feel like i i've
i've always struggled to
make friends with people that i
i feel like i've struggled to make deep
friendships with people
um it's easy to kind of have these like
surface level friendships with people
that you
um are in band with or you know whatever
in school
um but i think streaming has kind of
exacerbated that and made it very
difficult because it's almost like
there's
this underlying um
it's almost like transactional sometimes
and you worry about
you don't want the other person to think
that you're trying to like leach off of
them you don't want to feel like they're
leeching off of you
um i've had experiences before where i
started trying to befriend someone and
then found out that they just wanted to
uh get on my stream
and so stuff like that really kind of
like bites you you know um and so now i
feel like i just can't i feel like i
really struggle to
make friends with people because you
also like don't see people in real life
ever you know conventions are pretty
much gone for now um
so yeah so
and can i kind of ask you are you so do
you
have people that you're kind of close to
outside of the streaming world like in
you know irl friends and stuff like that
or do you think that's
been hard given streaming and
all that stuff
well so when i was i when i was in
college and i had a lot of um
good friends when i was in college
that were
people that i worked with i worked on
campus and
after college i feel like we all just
kind of
split up um i didn't really mean
maintain any of those friendships
um and now most of my friends are either
people who are streamers or people who
uh like work at twitch or work in like
kind of the same industry
sure
so you're noticing that there's like um
a blend or overlap between your
professional life and your personal life
yeah i mean i feel like that's not too
out of the ordinary probably a lot of
people yeah that's like how you make
friends is yeah at the office or
whatever absolutely right so there's a
lot of overlap there um and so how you
know how would you say that streaming
has changed the way that you socialize
what i mentioned before where i feel
like there's always this kind of
um
i'm usually worried that if if i'm
trying to like befriend someone um
who is also a streamer who
happens to have like a larger social or
sorry a larger um like viewership than
me um i don't want them to think that
i'm
trying to
like leech off of their their success
and so if it's somebody you know that
i'm like genuinely i would be interested
in being friends with them
um
i feel like i i will make an effort to
try to be friends with them and then if
that effort isn't
um
i forget the word like reciprocated
reciprocated yeah if it's not
reciprocated on like an evil
uh equal level then
i usually just like back off and then
that's kind of it
like kind of you know i don't want to
like be pushy with people
and and how would you know okay i
this is hard and
yeah
yes welcome to my life
let me just think for a second usually
it takes me a while to get there
but um
so here's the first problem that i'm
seeing
so usually when people come in with
problems
it's easy if like the problem isn't as
real as they think it is and it's like
something that has to do with them
does that make sense
i think so
so like like for example let's say like
i have a patient in in my practice right
and they say they come in and they say
i'm depressed
and like if their life is wonderful and
they have a clinical illness then the
problem is within them
and so that i'm like i'm good with right
so like that's what i do i help people
like fix things that are busted within
them
what's really hard is sometimes i'll get
people that come into my office and
they'll say like oh you know
um i'm going through a divorce
uh and
my partner is making allegations that i
was like sexually abusive to our
children to get a leg up in the divorce
which is in turn cause problems at my
job
and so that's
and if someone comes in saying something
like that like
you know i don't think necessarily that
the problem is within them it's not like
they're mentally ill and have a
neurochemistry imbalance it's like
genuinely like their life is falling
apart
and that's not something that i can fix
so it kind of gives me pause does that
make sense
yeah so the first thing that i'm taken
aback by is just
how challenging your circumstances are
like i don't know that you're like i'm
not hearing that you've got social
anxiety
or like you know any that's maybe you do
who knows maybe we'll get there but you
know i'm not hearing like a you problem
does that make sense
yeah i understand it's kind of it's just
the circumstances of my profession and
the way that
my people in my profession socialize is
challenging yeah absolutely and and so
that's what kind of gives me pause
because i'm noticing there's lots of
issues i suspect around boundaries there
are issues around expectations i see big
issues around conflicts of interest
right so you have dual relationships and
anytime you have a dual relationship it
complicates things it's the same reason
why you know therapists are not allowed
to date their patients
right so like there's like an inherent
conflict of interest it's the same
reason why you shouldn't go into
business with family
because there's like a dual relationship
there and anytime there's a dual
relationship things get muddy
um and so i'm i'm struggling a little
bit because i
i don't know how to help you with this
so i i need a second to think
okay which because i don't want to be
like sorry sucks for you the world is
what it is gg i'll catch you next time
thanks for having me yeah
which is which is honestly what where
i'm kind of leaning towards right now so
i gotta i gotta check check myself for a
second
um
so and let me ask you a question so i'm
noticing that
you're
are you usually like pretty even keel
um yeah
yeah i get that on stream a lot of uh is
she depressed because i just i have a
very um
monochrome uh
attitude i think pretty yeah you know
level
um
yeah how long have you been that way
uh i would say probably my whole life
okay
um and how does it feel when people kind
of like notice that when people in your
chat ask like is she depressed
um i don't i usually make a joke about
it um
i think it's i it's something that's
very obvious to me about my own
personality is that i'm not uh
i'm not a person who has very
extreme reactions to things
um which i think
often on camera that is kind of
exacerbated
by being on camera i feel like if you if
you have just like a regular reaction to
something the camera doesn't usually
pick up on that i feel like a lot of
times that's why content creators end up
over exaggerating things
um
and so i think because i'm i'm pretty
neutral most of the time even when like
big things happen
i think that comes across as me like not
caring and sometimes that kind of
frustrates me where
either like people will think that i
just don't care about something that
happens and it's just because i'm not
forcing myself to overreact to things
um or if i do actually have a moment
where i i react in a big way then
there's people that are just like why is
she faking her laugh and why is she
you know pretending or something so
kind of sounds like you can't win
situations yeah i was gonna say it
sounds like damned if you do damned if
you don't yep
yeah
what's it like to be put into those
situations
it sucks that's one of my least favorite
things about streaming it feels like
you're kind of trapped in between uh
like i feel like you you can have those
moments where
you're
above it and you're like well you know
you can't please everyone and so
do whatever you want and that's fine but
a lot of content
creation
surround is surrounded by having to
please
the audience right like that is that's
how you get a bigger audience is by
being interesting to people that are
watching and
so it's like you kind of have to do both
yeah so
and let me ask you it's okay if i call
you ann right yes okay
um
so
i'm kind of
getting a sense that like you know like
you said you're kind of trapped so i i'm
i'm really
curious and almost confused also amazed
and it's a weird plethora of things but
how you manage to get up every day and
stream
like because if you're faced with a
situation where you can't you know it's
like if you emote too much
it's like ah she's being fake for views
and if you don't emote enough it's like
she's heartless
you know maybe a little bit of a
hyperbole but i'm trying to mimic the
internet here
no that's pretty accurate actually ah
[ __ ]
oh my god that's pretty spot on
yeah
how do you do that how do you i don't
know there's um there's a florence in
the machine song where she says i don't
know how i don't just stand outside and
scream and that's how i feel sometimes
it's like i don't know um i mean i like
playing video games i've been playing
video games for
you know forever so
i got into streaming because it was
something that i wanted to
share with people you know um
but
i mean it is
it's like a constant
assault of
different
people's opinions and like people who
will just throw out a comment without
really
there's not a lot of like
spice behind it you know they're just
saying things i think a lot of times
it's like you know like young kids who
will just be like oh you look depressed
or like why are you ugly today you're
just like and sometimes it just hits you
and you're like
you want to just snap back at them and
sometimes probably too often i do
because i just get so frustrated with it
but
that's just kind of part of the job
what makes you want to stand outside and
scream
uh
well the double standard of it is
frustrating to me um
if i try to
talk about social justice issues i get
called a social justice warrior people
be like oh here comes the feminazi blah
blah um if
some
you know 20 000 viewer white male
streamer does it then everyone's like oh
good for you you know good job
um
and so that that kind of thing really
frustrates me where it's like people who
champion
the ideas of like
uh i mean mental health talking about
mental health and um
you know that kind of thing is
i feel like a lot of times you get
shouted down and then
if you have enough of a following then
people will praise you for it and that
is frustrating to me
yeah i just realized something
can you have a male feminazi
oh probably
because i would think so too but i just
realized that i've never heard someone
call a man a feminazi right if you're if
you're a female feminist
i've seen lots of female feminists get
called feminaz i don't think i've ever
seen a male feminazi before
yeah i think people will then usually
go for like the white knight or like
simp is now just the modern yeah white
knight you know yeah yeah simping for
someone yeah so it sounds like the
double standard frustrates you um
and i am kind of noticing that you'll
sort of voice an emotion but we as i was
mentioning earlier you're kind of even
keel so you don't sound frustrated
you don't look frustrated
but you feel frustrated
sometimes it's not like a 24 7 i feel
this way um
but sometimes yeah i think i've seen
maybe youtube clips of you owning people
who are
misogynistic
if
yeah that was a big day
what was that
what was the kotaku article
uh i was playing siege and i was i think
i was off stream but i was recording
just in case anything like cool happened
you know um
and
i th there were just a couple of guys
that were
being really shitty toward me um and so
i was like recording it and just
i wasn't responding to them i was just
saying like making call outs in the game
and then i ended up being like the top
frag on our team um and they were still
just being like really
aggressive and like
you know the whole go kill yourself etc
etc
um and
i posted it on twitter and then someone
decided to post it on kotaku i guess and
there was a whole thing about it
how did you feel after the kotaku
article was posted
um i feel like i it surprised me it felt
like
it was a lot of more attention being
drawn to something that is
um
not
to me it doesn't it's not that big of a
deal you know so it felt like there was
a big spotlight being shined on
something that was kind of a daily
occurrence
um
so i mean it would be kind of like a
kataku article
about the color of your shirt today and
you're just like i don't know i just do
this um
so it was a little bit uh intimidating
to me because there were a lot of people
that came into my chat that day that
were saying like
you know um
they were saying really nice things
actually they were like really positive
about the way that i responded or my
lack of response to what those guys were
saying
so
what was intimidating about it
uh well like i said it was just it was a
just a big spotlight of
on something that to me was um
not
that interesting
and so it was just i i was worried more
about um
like any negative reaction that might
come from it like i said of people that
are just like oh you know who cares if
they told you to kill yourself like who
cares if they said that why you know why
do you why do you care about that
so i'm here i'm hearing that you were
almost anticipating
an amplification of the hatred
yeah
yeah um well
about um
anytime you talk about
people being
misogynistic or
uh
you know
aggressive or just rude in online games
there's always the people there's always
so many people that are just like i just
mute them or whatever just ignore them
or you know
it's your fault because you didn't mute
them or you should have just ignored
them or who cares what they say like
don't let it bother you and
um so that kind of thing is
frustrating
okay
so
and i think i have a sense of where to
go
and i'm i'm going to
challenge you a little bit is that okay
okay okay
so we're gonna go into hard mode you
ready for it
okay
so i don't want you to use the word
frustrating anymore
okay so i'm noticing what i think is
that frustration is actually an umbrella
emotion
that covers other emotions
so i'll give you an example um
so you just said that like this is
frustrating because here's a spotlight
of you doing something that is generally
received by the internet is like a good
thing like you're a champion
you're a hero
right but that's not how it feels to you
so it's kind of strange because a lot of
people are grateful probably like for
what you did like they appreciate that
you're putting a spotlight on an issue
that's very common for people and yet
your response to it is not positive at
all in fact you're kind of like
intimidated concerned on guard
that yeah you know the the [ __ ] will
like they're gonna grab their pitchforks
and they're gonna come right they're
coming for you
and so you'll use the phrase like
intimidating i mean it's very
frustrating
intimidating is a good example of of
kind of like i think you could have used
frustrated there
but i i'm getting the sense that like
frustration for you is sort of like what
you feel but i think there's like stuff
underneath the surface there
so for example
there's a sense of like you've
so i would venture i'm just gonna toss
out some things one is that like
there's a complete gap in understanding
between the kotaku article and like your
actual experience
people are gonna look at you and be like
oh like she's such a champion of women's
rights on the internet and she's
schooling noobs right yay
cheering for women in gaming you go girl
but that's so discongruent of your
actual experience like you're not being
a hero
you're not like that's not how you see
it you're not fighting for women's
rights you're just trying to play a
[ __ ] video game
and you just want people to not be toxic
and this is what you deal with every day
it's it's kind of like i remember seeing
talking to my friends who uh i don't
really like work in a hospital anymore
but i have like friends who still work
in hospitals and everyone is like
hailing them as heroes and they're like
we're not heroes like we don't want to
be here we're not doing this out of
choice
we're being like ground down by a
pandemic where like people are dying
everyone's getting sick and like there's
like you know we're sacrifices we're not
heroes
right and so what i can imagine could be
frustrating is like a complete lack of
understanding between the way the world
sees you and your experience
yeah what do you think about something
like that
um
yeah i think that happens
a lot um that
if i
if i do anything to highlight the way
that
women are treated online even if in my
mind i'm not doing this as a
like this happened because she's a woman
but rather just
like people are really shitty for some
reason sometimes online
um and then it gets turned into kind of
a political
thing that was not necessarily my
intention but i can see where like where
people are getting that from
and um
i think intimidating is a good word or
just worried uh worried about
backlash from
you know random people
um and then sometimes i i honestly
actually sometimes i think i would feel
i feel a little bit guilty almost that
my intention wasn't to
like they'll say like oh you did this
thing for women and i have that feeling
of like oh i that's not actually what i
meant to do but like maybe maybe that
should have been what i was doing and
like am i
not doing my job properly if i'm not you
know thinking of that
so
so and i'm gonna struggle to find the
words to say this
but
i i think um i'm just noticing like
there's you
and there's a really thick wall
and then there's like the outside world
does that resonate with you at all
yes
yeah exactly help me i don't i don't
understand that can you help me
understand that
what do you mean you don't understand it
i don't know why i'm getting this image
but that's just the image that i'm
getting
i think that's the image that everyone
gets and i think that's my problem with
making friends is that
i have
i i can't tell you the number of times
that someone has come to me and they'd
be like anne
you're so cool i think you're just like
the coolest person i've ever met and
they'll talk to their friends they'll be
like isn't she so cool we want to be
friends with her
and then we're just not friends and i
don't know how to like
make friends with them even though
they're like they i feel like sometimes
i don't know if it's that there's
maybe it's a combination of things maybe
it's the fact that i put a wall between
myself and others or for some reason
that wall exists but at the same time it
feels like other people
sometimes put me on like a pedestal
where they're like oh she's over here
and she's cool and
she's
on it like unapproachable
and then and i don't know how to get
myself off of that right like i don't
want to be there i just want to
make friends with people
yeah so when you're saying people put
you on a pedestal you're talking about
people in your real life for kotaku
no uh i meant like other streamers like
other content creators or just like
people that i've met in person
um
yeah
yeah so my question was actually like a
a subtle point which is that i'm
noticing
a theme here
about
and i'm still not i'm sniffing at it i
don't know exactly what it is yet but
like
i'm getting the sense that you're not
understood you can't form connections
you've sort of said that explicitly
but i i suspect that that has something
to do with like
are you at a disadvantage because you're
a streamer and this is the streaming
world and y'all are essentially in the
business of friendship so this is
something we say a lot in our content
creator coaching program is we help like
streamers work through this idea that
y'all are in the business of friendship
right because friendships are collabs
and collabs is work therefore
friendships are work and then you start
to enter into this dual purpose of like
are you my friend are you here for the
collab
when you approach someone else and you
genuinely like them and they have five
million more
followers than you do
like how do you let that person know
that you actually don't give a [ __ ]
about that right you just think that
they're genuinely a cool person and you
want to connect human to human
yeah exactly
what i'm
but the the thing that's kind of
interesting
and about the way that you view these
things is i'm noticing that in your
language you're like a separate entity
from the outside world
it's sort of like
you know you kind of say like oh that's
what kotaku was thinking but that's not
what i was thinking there's like there's
no there's like not connection you feel
trapped because you know they're going
to react to you this way or they're
going to react to you that way they're
going to either call you depressed or
they're going to call you
you know simp farming
by expressing emotion you can't win so
i'm just noticing that like the way that
your mind views the world
is that the world is going to be like
running on autopilot
and then like you're you can try to move
around within it but you can't really
like affect how the world interacts with
you
yeah
so i think as long as that i suspect
that contributes
to the way that you form
relationships with people
what do you think
that sounds accurate yes
right so so i don't know how to
undo that or to like change that you
know we'll get there i think so
you know i i think we
i hopefully will get there so so i i
think there's there's actually something
really interesting which is while you're
a champion of women in the gaming space
i don't get the sense that you feel
powerful
do you feel powerful
no not really
do you feel like you have agency
like the capacity to change things
minor things
yes
i think but not
on a grand scale
what about making a friend
what's the scales had a grand scale of
life
uh
i mean i
it's like not for lack of trying you
know it's like it's i feel like i try
maybe i'm not doing a good job of it but
that's not the question i asked okay pay
attention now and i think your answer is
revealing
do you have the agency to change things
i didn't ask you if you try to change
things i asked you can you
can you can i have friends
can i
i think so yes
i think i'm capable of that yeah
what's the likelihood of the outcome
there
are you theoretically capable or do you
think like you know who should where
should i place the bet should i bet on
you or should i bet on should we bet on
friendship or bet on not friendship
i mean yeah like it's a thing that i
have done before so it's like i know
that i can do it it just feels like
something that is
very challenging
for me
so how hard have you tried
i don't i don't know how do you quantify
that gut
yeah um
you feel like you've tried hard uh well
that's that's what i was talking about
earlier where it's like i feel like i
will
take a step forward
and then i get
worried
about
what the other person is thinking what
their reaction is or i don't feel like
i'm seeing a
reciprocation
and so then i back off because i don't
want to pressure people or push people
so i think i
i would say i probably don't try like
super hard in that sense because i don't
want to be
um
i don't want to be overbearing
okay so
i'm gonna this is gonna be a bit blunt
so i want you to envision something okay
okay i'm going to take a step forward
and i'm going to take a step back and
then i'm going to take a step forward
i'm going to take a step forward i'm
going to take a step back
if you're watching someone doing this
and someone told you
why don't you think that person is
walking forward and someone was like
it's because there's an invisible wall
that's why they can't move forward what
do you think about that
is that fair
what do you mean by fair
like is that a fair interpretation of
like if someone just keeps on like
staying in place right like you're
taking a step forward and then you kind
of pull back it's sort of like i'm
getting this image of a wall is like in
the way
right i mean this is a bit blunt because
i'm i'm asking you to stretch here i
don't think we've we've appropriately
filled in all the steps
but like i'm noticing a resistance right
maybe it's not a wall it's more like a
tether
that keeps you like
from really pushing forward and like
you know like i i think we're on to
something here i'm sniffing something
what do you think i could be wrong
though
well if we
if we take your example
of
taking a step forward towards someone
and
um
maybe you take two steps forward and
they don't move you take another step
forward and they still don't move or
they even maybe
get distracted by something and they you
know start walking in another direction
um
at what point do you
you know
stop following that person
you know or you're just like
we're not actually like friends yet but
i'm just
walking after you you know like
following you wherever you're going at
what point does that person then turn
around and be like
why are you following me you know so i
think that's more of my
my fear i'm with you so where does that
fear come from does that happen to you
um i mean i think that's just generally
when i when i feel like i i'll like
message people
um to ask them if they want to like play
games um they'll say like yeah sure like
that sounds great and then we just like
i'll be like cool when you know do you
want to do that and then just like they
don't talk ever again
what about
before you
let's step outside of streaming for a
second okay
if you had any experiences where you
felt like you kind of chased someone
and they were like what are you doing
um like middle school
high school maybe college
i think um i think most of the time
[Music]
it's more like uh
like for example i i mentioned that i
worked at a place um that was on campus
when i was at college and
there were probably
15 employees
um and they were all students they were
all about the same age
and
i always felt like we were all
acquaintances
um
and some of us were even friends and
would hang out
but i felt like i
was one of the people who
was i i never really felt like like i
was one of the the core group
um where
it felt like there were people who were
um
if they wanted to study together they
would call each other and i was not one
of those people right like i was
somebody who worked with them and who
was like kind of friends with them
but was not
the like
you're an outsider
yeah
were you an outsider in high school
yeah i think it was kind of the same the
same scenario where i
was in like marching band or concert
band or whatever
and
it always felt like kind of the same
social dynamic
what was it like to be in marching band
uh
i played trumpet so i had to hold my
trumpet up for many hours so i had
really great biceps but it was um
it was a lot of
a lot of long hours
um
with like you know the same group of
people and so
i mean there were people that i was like
pretty good friends with um
at the time and then
we either
kind of fell out of contact or
just
weren't friends anymore um
you know for various reasons so
okay
and can i ask you kind of a couple of
like
random questions that are sort of all
over the place
okay
can you help me understand um so i
noticed you have some tattoos can you
tell me a little bit about those
um sure uh well i have a star wars
tattoo here if you can't tell i like
star wars i've got my own stuff back
here
um this one is from the witcher
this is from a
uh a russian novel
um and the text says uh bold is the
heart that steers her through the night
um and then i have uh this one here
that's supposed to be a representative
of my family my siblings and my mom and
i
wha what is that one
uh so it's a it's a horse here because
my mom loves horses and then it's a sun
moon and star which is my uh brother
sister and i
can you tell me a little bit about your
family
yeah um
i have an older brother and an older
sister um we're all within about four
years of each other
uh
i grew up with my mom
[Music]
my dad
uh where my parents were divorced and he
would visit when i was a kid he would
visit maybe like two or three times a
year um
and then
uh now most of my family lives here in
california we actually we all kind of
ended up here through
we lived in the midwest and then through
you know all sorts of different things
we all ended up in california
um
i'm really
close with my sister and my brother and
my mom
my dad and i see each other every so
often
we're not super close but
we have a like amicable relationship
sure
did you
want more of a relationship with your
dad
um
sometimes i think i would i would see
like uh
for like again for our college we had um
like parent weekend and
um i would see like girls with their
dads and i i wished for
myself that i had that kind of
relationship with my dad
um
but we just
never really had that
and
i don't know it's okay like i i like i
said my mom and i are really close i
feel like she did a really good job of
raising us and certainly
yeah i think that much is clear
yeah also sounds like you have very
close bonds with your siblings
yeah yeah we're pretty close
um and why do you think you didn't have
more of a relationship with your dad how
do you understand that
how long do you have
um
uh well when i was a kid um so my dad is
uh korean and my mom is american and my
dad uh
i think
got a lot of uh
of negative negativity from his his side
of the family
because he married an american woman and
had half american kids
um so his side of the family was always
pretty
um
rude to us and kind of dismissive
um i was always frustrated with my
dad not allowed to use that word oh yeah
um i was
disappointed
and
[Music]
unhappy and resentful of my dad for
see what's under my frustration yeah
right
um
can we just go back to the blanket term
so i don't have to figure other words
out yeah um
but he
he wanted us to
be
i think he i think he had this idea that
like being american was like the secret
to success and that
he didn't want us to
be very
korean so like he
could have taught us how to speak korean
when we were kids you know like kids
like pick up languages and he just never
did
um because he wanted us to
um
he just didn't want us to be
you know korean and
i just i think that also i mean if we
talk about feeling like an outsider
whenever i would go to my dad's
you know family function
um
they
well first all the other kids that were
our age all spoke korean so we didn't
and i think that was one of the reasons
i really resented my dad because it's
like my cousins speak korean and i like
can't i feel like i can't hang out with
them
um
sounds like he kind of doomed you to be
an outsider
yeah thanks dad
um i don't think it was like
100 his fault um i definitely don't like
blame it on him i think he
tried to do
well because i think he tried to do
what he thought
was the best
um i think he wanted us you know at the
root of it he wanted us to be
successful and healthy
and now especially as we've gotten older
i think my dad is kind of mellowed out i
think when we were kids he was really
trying to control
our futures and our path and i think now
that we've all grown up and we're all
kind of established in our own ways
um
he's
really calmed down about all that and
he's just like
you know
you guys are doing great and i'm glad
you're healthy and i think he's kind of
has a
better perspective on what's really
important
rather than just
get rich and
you know
have a lot of kids or something i don't
know
and do you think your dad loves you
yeah
yeah i do think he does
i think he does too
yeah
um
that turned out to be a shorter story
than i was expecting oh there's more but
that's just i think the start of it you
know
what what do you mean there's more
and it sounds pretty
reasonable and wholesome
yeah um
i don't know my
dad
uh
i just hope he never watches this he got
remarried without telling us um
i'm pretty sure that the woman that he's
living with he also got remarried too
without telling us
um
he
had to borrow money from me a lot when i
was in college
he
was uh he rented a car didn't pay for it
got arrested
um
my cousin who i hadn't spoken to in many
years called me to say that it was my
fault because i didn't give him money
um
when i didn't even know that he needed
money because i had given him money in
the past
so i think he just kind of shuffled the
blame over onto me
um
i don't know what else
i think that's sufficient
that's yeah you know we'll start let's
just start there
different picture huh
yeah i mean but like i said despite all
that i think he's made
like not good decisions in his life but
i do think that he cares
about us you know he cares about us as
his children
so
yeah i mean
can i think for a second
how does it feel to talk about this
stuff
um
it's okay it's been
many years since all of that and since
uh
i think the last time any of that really
happened was
i don't know i think i was still in
college at the time yeah i was still in
college so that's been a while
uh
so i think now i'm okay with it it's
kind of in the past you know
i've moved on
so and other random question okay this
may be the most offensive question that
i ask you're welcome to not answer it
you're welcome to go tell me to [ __ ]
myself
um so i i noticed that you're wearing
black
and that you have you know you have it
seems like black is kind of your color
okay technically this is gray okay
technically sure
technically do you is am i just catching
you on a day where you're like like
dressing darker or is this sort of like
is this your aesthetic like even when i
look at your cool like first of all it
looks cool okay your your room looks
cool like there's a lot of like black
and like some cool lighting and stuff
like that looks looks dope
but i i'm noticing you know there's not
like i don't see any blue i don't see
any pink like there's a there's a plant
in there
there's some there's some lighting in
there but it's very like black and white
is kind of like your aesthetic there's
some blue okay yeah
how uh
i mean is this is this usually kind of
how you
look or how you or is am i just catching
you on a darker day in terms of color
palette
yeah i think sometimes especially when i
was in
college and then when i first started
streaming the first couple of years i
would say i wore a black shirt every day
um
and i think the past maybe a year or two
i've started wearing um
more different colors
than just black so and how do you can
you help me understand like when you
started wearing so you started wearing
black a whole bunch when you started
streaming
no uh i meant like
for
a long time but for probably all of like
high school college and then when i
started streaming and then
okay i know it's kind of
i don't know where i'm going with this
okay so so you got to help me out here
but help me understand what what's
appealed to you about
that like
the way that i dress yeah
oh um
uh
i
well i wear like i said now recently i
wear more um i still wear some pretty
like neutral colors uh like
gray black and and white but then i also
i've started
kind of branching out more and i have
some like blue and red and
um
green and stuff like that um
and
i don't know i don't i don't really
think about it too much i think i just
pick what i think looks nice on me
yeah so when when when you so yeah so
like when you like wear a dark color
let's say and i get that you're
branching out
um when you just like look in the mirror
like something about that
look feels right to you or like looks
good to you
you look great in dark colors by the way
so we're not i'm not trying to make a
judgment thing yeah oh that's okay um so
i'm curious what would it feel like to
wear like a pink shirt
uh i do have like a i mean it's more
like a salmon colored shirt that i
really like
um it kind of just depends on
what i feel like wearing that day
what do you think makes you feel like
wearing a salmon color versus a dark
color
uh
i genuinely don't know it depends on
what's clean
what my hair looks like that day i guess
truly one of us yeah
my wardrobe choice is dependent on body
odor more than anything else
and what will will you know make me
stink the least truly one of us yeah you
know and i you know if i if i need to
apologize for that line of questioning
please let me know i wasn't intending to
be offensive or anything but
i don't know why i've never asked anyone
that before on stream but there's just
something about your appearance that
feels very
intentional to me
i have a very
i have an aesthetic that i feel like is
especially when you see me with
everything i feel like that is true um
so i don't i'm not offended by that at
all yeah
and i guess we don't really understand
what the origin of that aesthetic is
which may be like a philosophically
foolish question right what's the origin
of aesthetics we don't know
um
so here's kind of what i'm
noticing so
okay let's take a step back any
questions for me by the way
no okay um anything that you think we
should talk more about
uh i'm not sure
okay
so um i'm gonna try to just lay a couple
things out and then i'm curious kind of
what you think about them and maybe we
can
kind of shift a little bit into more of
like a
active phase as opposed to an
investigative phase does that sound okay
to you
maybe it's inappropriate maybe it's
premature so let's take you for example
you're ann you're a twitch streamer you
school noobs on the internet you love
star wars
you know you're branching out in
different colors it's all good you're it
sounds like you're capable of forming
like healthy and close relationships
you're really close to your mom you've
come to some kind of dynamic equilibrium
with your dad
i get the sense that he loves you a lot
i get the sense that you love him a lot
i get the sense that he's done a lot of
stuff that maybe you could blame him for
maybe at some point you did but i don't
really get the sense that you're holding
on to a ton of resentment
um and that hopefully you've forgiven
him or something there may be more to do
there because when i asked the question
about your dad you're like how long do
you have so maybe there's more to
explore there but uh maybe that's for a
therapist
so you came here with some sort of
question of okay i'm trying to form
relationships with people and it's like
hard and then
and so here's the challenge is that like
you're interested in forming
relationships you want you know true
friends you had good friends in the past
they kind of
sloughed off over time
and now you're in the world of streamers
where like a lot of friendships are
transactional so here we are
is that fair to say
so what do we do about this so first
thing that i kind of want to point out
to you is that you do seem to have a
sort of like fatalistic approach to
things and i don't get the sense that
you have a what's the grin
i just i just like the word fatalistic
there we go
yeah that's because you know
yeah so like you have like kind of a
fatalistic attitude right so and what i
mean by that is that
your ability to exert change on the in
the external world that's been written
down on my notebook for a while i've
just been waiting for the right
choice
toss it out
but like if you just think about how you
view this it's sort of like the
circumstances are what they are and i
don't really know like how to fit into
or make this work in this situation
yeah that's the approach that i hear
i also hear like a sense of being an
outsider like you know you're uh you're
you're a female streamer on twitch but
you're kind of different from the other
female streamers on twitch is that fair
to say
maybe
i think there's a i mean there's a lot
of women on twitch now which is great so
i definitely
align with
i've got to align with some of them you
know absolutely so maybe that's not
unique
maybe that's a little bit of an
incorrect statement or an unfair
statement on my part
i'm sort of noticing though that there's
like a theme of being an outsider right
so like that you can't really connect to
people that there's a so if i think
about you know outsider like literally
what determines whether someone is
inside or outside
what's the dividing line between inside
or outside
right
it's a wall right like it's like
literally a wall and we're kind of
talking about like sort of like i'm
noticing this theme emerge and so this
is where you got to be careful right
because sometimes like people who are
trained like i am in therapy like we
love to find connections
and we love to be like oh this is the
answer i figured it all out i'd say that
half the time we're just wrong we just
really don't know and it's just all in
our head and we love to come up with
complicated theories
but what i am really noticing with you
and is is a strong theme of like not
being able to connect with people and
that starts with like literally going to
a family event and not speaking the
language and then recognizing oh like
the reason that i can't connect is
because my dad didn't teach me korean
and so what i'm kind of imagining is
like i'm imagining five-year-old anne
who's trying to understand how does the
world work what are the rules of the
game and you correctly conclude that my
ability to connect with these people is
determined by whether my dad teaches me
korean or not is that fair for that
five-year-old to conclude
i mean yeah partially it wasn't just the
language thing but it was also the fact
that like
i think even as a kid you can sense when
adults are like side-eyeing you you know
absolutely that's i think a big part of
it too
yeah so i think that there's like a fear
of judgment
yeah which is what i'm hearing there
which is also like so i'm noticing there
are a couple of things which seem to be
popping up
so the first is that it's kind of like
there's nothing you can do about the
adults that sideline you right or side
eye you like you can't do anything about
that so that there's like a sense of of
you know actually like a lack of agency
is what i'd call it that you don't
actually have
it's not within
you know the scope of what you can
control to like change those people
right and we sort of hear that thinking
which is logical by the way i'm not
saying it's incorrect in any way shape
or form
in terms of like even when i ask you
like okay what if you take one step
forward
and then like you pull back a little bit
like what's the alternative you can say
like i take one step forward i take two
steps forward i take three steps forward
they start moving away and i keep
chasing after them like that's just dumb
right
and and once again i'm kind of noticing
that that
irrespective of what you're doing like
what your mind jumps to is like what's
the scenario where i can't win despite
my efforts
do you see that
yeah
so and i think this is what i refer to
as like fatalistic so there's kind of
i'm noticing
so i'm going to share a concept with you
that's that's locus of control
so generally speaking when i try to help
people solve their problems
what i tend to find is that
there are two places that they think
control comes from one is an internal
locus of control one is an external
locus of control so for example
let's say i apply for a job and i don't
get the job people will come to two
conclusions they'll say oh i should have
prepared better i should have dressed
better i could have answered these
questions better they'll adopt an
internal locus of control where change
in the world is controlled by like what
by them
other people will adopt an external
locus of control like oh i didn't get
the job because the company is racist i
didn't get the job because the manager
didn't like me i didn't get the job
because of factors outside of i didn't
get the job because of the economy
right factors outside of them and
generally speaking people will do both
but in a given issue they'll sort of
default to the locus of control being in
one place does that make sense yeah
and so what i've often times found is
the best way to help people is to switch
their locus of control because you tend
to be doing everything for the locus of
control that you think is
important right so if someone says oh i
didn't get the job because of the
economy that may be a factual statement
like the economy may suck but it still
remains that that company was hiring and
they probably hired someone it's just
that someone wasn't you
so in spite of the world being rigged
against you if you switch your locus of
control it changes the way that you
approach the problem and actually helps
those people land the job
okay does that make sense
yes
okay
so when it comes to you
i think you're right that genuinely
speaking it's an uphill battle to make
friends with streamers it's a problem
that all of y'all face and i think it
comes down to what you were kind of
saying about the transactional
relationship of streaming because you
never know like
you know
what's personal and what's professional
in terms of when we hang out like if
we're gonna go to dinner is that gonna
be posted on instagram and then i'm
gonna get you're gonna get likes because
oh look ann is going to dinner with like
whoever right and then people like oh
yay you know
every aspect of what like because if i'm
friends with someone and i go out to
some somewhere and we like take a
picture of ourselves and i post it on my
instagram there's no there's no
professional impact there right right
so i'm noticing that that's absolutely
true but i do think that you in
particular may be like sensitive
to the consequences of dual
relationships
and where i kind of get that from is
like
your dad hitting you up for cash
you know like what do you think about
that
what do i think about my dad asking me
for money yeah
um
well i i think when it happens
or when it happened when i was in
college
i'm not sure i mean i just i remember
trying to figure out you know how much
money
does he need and like how much am i
capable of giving on my you know like
college student salary and like paying
my rent and everything
uh
i i honestly i don't remember having
very like strong feelings about it
but that could just be because of how
much time it's been i just don't really
remember but whatever it was i don't
feel like it left like a super strong
impression yeah i don't think it did
leave a super strong impression so let
me ask you a question slightly
differently what impact do you think it
has on a father father-daughter
relationship if a father asks a daughter
for money
uh well i mean
i i
i never really
have felt like my dad
and i i mean we've never had a very
close relationship you know we've never
been like a
father-daughter you know he kind of
feels like
this older
male stranger you know
um and it's like i know i'm related to
him and i know he's my dad but
he's still kind of
i mean he's he's not my father really
sure so let me ask you a question in a
different way
right so
if an older male stranger hit you up for
cash would you give it to him
uh
i mean a stranger no but because he's my
dad i did
right so like
that's
i don't know how to say this but exactly
right so here you are not really having
a father-daughter relationship
but like you're giving him money because
he's your dad
right right so like that feels very like
muddy in terms of like what the
relationship is
does that make sense
right i mean yeah like one of us is
supposed to be
more of an adult than the other well i
mean i i know it sounds kind of weird
but let's let's change things up a
little bit how would you feel giving
your mom money
no problem exactly because she's
actually your mom
right
right so it's kind of interesting
because
on the one hand sure the adult is
supposed to be the the adult but at the
same time like family comes first and
they're actually scenarios where you
know kids help parents out financially
all the time like i help my mom out like
every week
and and that's fine because i'm grown up
now and she took care of me and i took
care of her and like it's kind of weird
but but it was sort of like almost like
a trick question in a sense because
there's sort of like a right answer
which is that adults aren't supposed to
hit up their kids for money but what i'm
kind of noticing is that like
you know
there's like a dual relationship there
it's kind of weird like it's it feels
kind of transactional to me it feels
like he's not really playing the part of
your dad but you're giving like he's
getting the benefits of sort of like
being your dad
right
i don't think that the goal here is to
dig into your relationship with your dad
the reason i'm highlighting this is
because i think it
when you have someone who grows up in
this sort of situation
it shapes and informs the way that they
view relationships
i see okay
how do you feel with some of the
questions that i'm asking you right now
uh
[Music]
i mean i feel fine i'm i'm
like just processing what you're saying
i i haven't really thought about any of
that for a while like i said it's many
years in the past and so i don't like
think about it on a daily basis sure but
it makes sense to me that that um
like you said kind of informs the way
that i
view relationships and the way that i
try to
make friends with people
yeah so i and i think that like one of
the most so the i've noticed this
pattern where
when when people grow up with like some
of these kinds of relationships and i
know in a sense you didn't really grow
up with a relationship with your dad i'm
not saying it's all like daddy issues
but that i'm kind of noticing that there
have been multiple times
throughout your life where
you felt like an outsider right in
marching band or in college like you are
never like the tier one friend there's
like the tier one friends and they're
like the tier two friends it's like if
we're going to party queue and we've got
five spots
i'm going to ask these four people first
and if none of them are available here's
the invite and you want to play some you
want to play some cs go
right
and you're why are you smiling now
because that is how it feels yeah it's
like we've got four spots and
uh
i mean
ant's available i guess you know like
it's not like i'm the first person that
people are like let's invite anne and i
i have like i would say i have
probably a couple friends that i would
be their first choice um
and i appreciate
that and i appreciate them um
and i think it's just like my my kind of
search for more of that right i want to
be
closer with more people but i definitely
feel like
the
not one of the first
choices
so my point is that when i hear that
feeling
that you're sort of experiencing i'm
actually hearing that it pre-dates
streaming
so this is where locus of control
becomes important because if you
diagnose this problem is exclusively a
stream or problem
then your sol
because you can't change the streaming
world but what i'm sort of noticing is
that this actually pre-dates streaming
that you've learned how to be protective
of yourself
and even erect a wall because i'm
guessing that when you sort of figured
out that they weren't
you weren't the first person that they
thought of to invite to study
you didn't chase them very far
what do you think about that
that's i mean yeah that sounds accurate
right and the reason you didn't chase
them is because it hurts
it hurts to like
want something from someone
and
them not give it to you
so there's an easy way to protect
yourself from that hurt which is don't
want it from them
right don't chase him in the first place
and if you want to get like if you want
to get super classic about it you could
say that this is all starts with your
dad
and that you may have made overtures
with him and like he didn't like meet
you halfway you saw him two or three
times a year so you learned early on to
be like i'm not gonna get anything there
and so you've normalized this is the
other thing that i see i see that you've
normalized a lot of like what seems like
painful stuff
so it doesn't feel painful anymore like
when everyone else on the internet
thinks that what you go through is
terrible and you are a hero for standing
up to injustice and you're like it's my
everyday that's [ __ ] sad
yeah
how does it feel to hear me say that
uh
again that feels very accurate i think i
do that a lot and i actually just talked
with my partner about that recently
where i i think i take
emotions and i put them into a box and
then i put that box away and then
i just don't bother with it again so yep
i don't know if this is this is probably
the poorest prediction i'll ever make on
stream
but i i gotta wonder whether your choice
to wear a salmon shirt has to do with
the way that you're feeling on a
particular day
whether the emotions are in the box or
not in the box
yeah
i have no idea
but i i gotta wonder
and so i
i don't know how else to say the sand
but i think if you wanna form
connections with people
you ha
so the last point that i'll sort of say
is i think a lot of the wall is being
understood
and that i think that you have like an
internal experience of the world that
you don't advertise to the outside world
like what do you think about that
yeah i mean i've always been even
even with streaming and before streaming
i would say i'm like a pretty
private person um
and definitely like
i don't know if it was that i
learned to be
learned to operate solo
because of what we're talking about or
if i like have always been like that you
know it's like chicken and egg i don't
know which one came first
but i have kind of always operated on my
own
so here's how i would understand that so
i think that generally speaking the
brain uses the tool that works the best
and then that tool improves with
practice
so what we tend to find in people is
that when they have a strength
that's what they default to to get them
through difficult situations which then
in turn in turn improves that strength
makes it adaptable so like emotional
suppression putting up walls
and like putting your emotions in a box
or like absolutely adaptations
um the the challenge is that over time
they can become maladaptive because now
what's happened is like you're a
one-trick pony like i'm a s i i'm a
spawn camping sniper rifling noob right
and and you get to that way because like
that's what let you in
and then
at the same time though like you don't
know how to use like an smg or like
whatever as a result
so i i think what what i'm really
hearing is that you probably had you
have a natural tendency to be like kind
of closed off right
and that that worked well for you and so
you like got better and better at it you
leveled it up and leveled it up and
leveled it up and then you kind of find
yourself in this weird situation where
it's kind of like hard to connect with
people
yeah
so then the question becomes
what do you do about it
what do you think
uh
well i would guess
if we go back to the analogy of taking a
step towards someone um
don't take the step back and to just
keep
trying i guess
yeah how do you think that's gonna work
i'm gonna annoy someone into telling me
to [ __ ] off probably or or maybe it'll
work out i don't know
okay so very good so like in a sense so
here's the key thing i think you're
missing it's not about the action it's
about the worry so when you take a step
forward what happens in your mind
uh
i think like okay i tried and now we see
what they do
and then if they don't do anything i'm
like okay goodbye
so at that point
is when i have to be like i'll try again
right
yeah so like i even you even said it you
said it beautifully because you're like
after you take a step forward what
happens then you said well either they
get annoyed with me and tell me to they
get so annoyed with me until
until they tell me to [ __ ] off which
like think about that for a second okay
so out of all of the possibilities of
what the reactions are
what is the one that you default to
it's kind of an overreaction they
probably would just ignore me i guess
but but why do you default there like do
you see what your mind is predicting is
the responses to taking this step
forward
yeah
it's like why the hell does your mind
default to they get annoyed with me so
annoyed with me that they tell me to
[ __ ] off like why is that the
default response
yeah or they ignore me and it's you're
not dumb for having that default
response like there's a damn good reason
why your mind comes up with an answer so
if i ask you what kind of games you play
your mind comes up with fps why does
your mind say fps it's because it's like
what you play it's been your experience
it's what you do it's what the how the
world works what color is your hair it's
blackish
dark gray
you know so so your mind generates
things
that
are based on your experience and i think
the real tricky thing here is that
you know when you take a step forward
towards someone your mind is worried
about their response that's what's
actually preventing you
that's the wall
because if you're worried about how
they're they're gonna respond what are
you gonna do how does that worry shape
you it's not a rhetorical question i'm
curious like what do you what do you do
when i'm worried about people not
responding to me yeah or finding you
annoying and telling you to go away
uh
i i i think that just i mean encourages
me to
not try
like you said it's like i've kind of
learned how to deal with my worry in
this one way and so
i just keep building up that same
skill essentially right
so i think it's kind of tricky because
now now what we get is sort of like a
personal
tendency that is particularly poorly
suited for your social environment
because at the end of the day streamers
are [ __ ] flaky
and so when you have someone who's
worried about chasing after people and
annoying them which by the way i would
bet money there's a story somewhere
there about like
you're like hey can you guys invite me
to study next time and they were like
sure and then they didn't do it and then
like
like you i think you've made overtures
in the past and they didn't work out for
you
right
um or romantic relationships is another
place that you can kind of explore that
or parental anyway so i i don't think
that you're
and you sound very competent capable and
introspective to me and i think you've
learned
how to manage this stuff for a reason
so i think like when you take a step
forward towards someone and your mind
worries it actually causes you as you
said to pull back there's not actually a
wall
it ends up looking like a wall and
feeling like a wall but it isn't a wall
and i would even go as far as to say
that there are opportunities for you to
connect to other people but it's your
concern about how they're they're gonna
respond that causes you to like slow
play it right like you're one of these
people that
if you get to the highest tier if you
grind
rep
with the faction of ammunition
and you ever get to the grand master
tear you are friends for life
people like your mom and your brother
and sister but grinding up until that
way is like really hard
yeah because i suspect that you pull
back from people or even don't let
people in
yeah
what do you think
yeah i think that
i think i've always thought of it as a
wall and the way you're describing it i
feel like it's more like a like i'm
attached to a bungee cord that like ex
extends to a certain point and then
snaps back like straight away and
beautiful image because here's what i'd
ask you
if you take three or four steps towards
someone how quickly do you retreat when
they don't meet you
where you're at
quickly yeah very quickly right just
like a bungee cord the deeper into
unknown territory you go the harder it
is and the quicker you are to pull back
and so now we get to like this idea of
connection
so it may be things like you you know
i'm not saying that you should like
hammer paying people to play games with
you on a daily basis right because
that's [ __ ] annoying but i also
suspect that when you do have some of
these interactions
that there are moments where you can be
more like emotionally vulnerable with
them or emotionally connected with them
and that you're kind of concerned about
like how they're gonna respond
what do you think about that
about
like telling people yeah directly that
that's how i feel
yeah like like i think that there are
times where you'll feel a particular way
but you
you know
your like brain is going to be like you
don't want to be too much for them
yeah does that tell you those kinds of
thoughts
yeah like i mean i said a couple times
at the beginning that i don't want to be
overbearing and i know like i know that
people are busy um and there's plenty of
times that i've like gotten a message
from someone and i i
take a couple days to respond or
something
um so i completely understand the
you know the schedule it's just
um
i don't know it's i think it's like a
thing where i see a lot of other
streamers is like the cool kids and
i'm not the cool kid
at least you know that's how i see
myself and so i don't want to be
i don't i just want to bother people
what do you think about
this is hard
why do you think you're bothering people
um
because
they're
busy
with
all their other
like things that they're doing in their
lives like streamers are very busy
um
and
okay i said that i feel like uh
if i if i try to like make friends with
people who
are like also happen to be streamers um
and let's say we start to kind of become
friends uh
and then if i
if i see
with regularity then i'm not being
invited to do stuff then to me i
translate that as
they
are being polite but they don't actually
want to like play play games with me or
like be friends with me they're just
being polite because
like if you want to be friends with
someone you
invite them to play games or you invite
them to hang out and so i i i translate
that as like if you're if you're not
like if i invite you to do something and
you decline because you have something
else going on or whatever and then you
don't ask me to do stuff then it's kind
of like
i feel like it's they're trying to
reject you but nicely you know
sure so for me i'm like i'm gonna take
the hint and just leave you alone
yeah
okay so and i'm gonna try
now we get into the territory that i'm
the worst at but i'm gonna give it a
shot okay okay so now what i'd like to
do is actually be very very concrete
with you and see if we can actually
adjust some of the way that you
communicate with people i don't know if
this is actually going to work or not
all right so you got to take this with
so here's the challenge
so if you reach out to someone and they
don't respond back and then you reach
out to them and they don't respond back
you don't want to reach out to them a
third time you're like i get the hint
i'm taking the hand right i'm not going
to force you into telling me that you
don't want to hang out with me right
right
so that makes sense and i think is not
an effective style of communicating to
build relationships
right
so
here's a question for example that i'll
ask people when
so i have a i have a
friend of mine so i sometimes play d d
and sometimes do other things like i
watch esports tournaments and stuff like
that and i've got like my group of nerd
friends right so we like get together on
occasion and we'll like we'll play d d
or we'll like watch esports stuff or
whatever and then there's some people at
the fringe of the group
that i have a relationship with them and
then like i'll invite them to the stuff
and they always turn me down
so i don't know what the deal is but
sometimes what i found is actually
really really useful is like a specific
question which is hey i've i've noticed
that you know i've invited you a couple
of times it seems like you've been busy
no big deal i was just curious do you
want me to invite you in the future
like being a little bit explicit instead
of inferring into their communication
because for them to not respond to you
there's like a differential diagnosis
there are all these kinds of reasons one
is that i'm not really too interested in
ann
she's my second choice in terms of
hanging out with so i would say yes
if i had no one else better to hang out
with you know there's like that whole
line of thinking which you've got to be
careful about and i think that
experience of yours actually shapes the
way that you interpret their response
which is that oh i don't want to bother
them which is kind of weird because if
you're bothering someone it implies to
me like a sense of like lower value in
you
does that make sense
yeah and i've i've actually done that
before with someone where i've said like
uh
like thank you for inviting me all the
time and i genuinely have just had
schedule conflicts the past couple of
times but i do want to hang out with you
so like please keep inviting me so like
i've said that to other people before
and how did that work for you
good yeah i mean they were like okay
we'll just keep inviting you even if
you're
you know busy a lot of the time yeah so
i think that's that's a beautiful
example right so like it's so
considerate when you let people know hey
it's not that i like don't want to hang
out with you it's like genuinely like
life is busy right now
yeah so
and and i think that's like a very good
thing for you to do so i'd say like
let's kind of take a step back and let
me think through this for a second so
first is to acknowledge that you know if
you're barking up the tree that is a
streamer for friendship i think it's
gonna like you've got the deck stacked
against you so mentally like you have to
prepare yourself for a higher amount of
rejection than normal or higher amount
of radio silence i think is probably
what it's really going to be which radio
silence can be deafening and hard to
deal with and sometimes even harder than
rejection
the problem with radio silence is that
we as human beings and social
relationships when we experience radio
silence we
project our prior experiences to
interpret that radio silence
does that make sense yeah so i think
that any time you get a neutral response
for from someone you're gonna they're
gonna fill it in with like
whatever their insecurities are
um
so just be aware of that first of all
secondly i would also consider being a
little bit more explicit in your
communication to like play games and
hang out because i think there are i
don't know how this is going to work by
the way so you got to take this with a
grain of salt um but i i would say like
you know if you want to hang out with a
streamer and you're actually like want
to be friends be a little bit explicit
that hey like do like
you know i really i think you're a cool
person i'd love to hang out
i'm not interested in like collabing or
anything like that i just you know
looking to make friends
what do you think about saying something
like that
um
yeah i guess it depends on
like how i feel like the relationship
already is with someone because i
wouldn't of course you would i don't
think it you wouldn't want to do that
with just like some random person that
that's like the first time you're trying
to talk to them right you know but it's
just after like
trying to establish something with
someone it's just it's really hard when
you're just like i don't really care
about collabing but the only time
that
we can like hang out would be on stream
so it's like kind of
is a collab you know
um
so i feel like that's also one of the
things that is tough because it's
uh
like you can't hang out with people in
person very easily um
either so
that's a good point so that's why i'm
saying like i don't really know if some
of the suggestions i'm going to make
make are going to land or not
but i think the main goal anne is to
clarify the dual relationship
so like you know when you're engaging
with someone to be as is explicit i
don't know what this practically looks
like but try to be explicit with them
about what you're looking for from the
relationship
you know there's a certain amount of
like let's talk about romantic
relationships for example like there's a
certain amount of flirtation and
you know not leaving things unsaid that
can make things kind of exciting but at
the end of the day the successful
relationships are the ones that like
where people usually at some point
explicitly make their intentions known
and the relationships that get confusing
and messed up are the ones where people
are like ambiguous and
you know half-assing it and like not
sure what they want
so i i don't know what do you think that
would look like in terms of the kinds of
friendships that you want to pursue
uh i'm not sure how to answer that i
guess
neither am i so i think this is a
problem that actually all streamers are
facing right now
is that they don't i haven't heard
anyone really like talk about figuring
out how to determine with a stream or
relationship like how to draw the
boundaries and set expectations about
what people are looking for from the
relationship
yeah so i think that's a genuine
challenge with your situation and one
that you can't affect what streamers do
but i do wonder a little bit about
whether you can adjust your language to
somehow compensate for like the
circumstances
yeah
um but i i think if there isn't a clear
way to engage with streamers i'm just
not sure
this i'd say then what you should really
focus on is your internal sense of worry
when you start engaging in a
relationship and be a little bit careful
about letting that dictate when you pull
back
yeah
yeah i agree i think it's
it's like an internal thing that i have
to kind of overcome that i
i cut the cord pretty quickly when i
feel like
i'm not sure if i'm gonna be annoying
people or or whatever
and
so yeah i think the challenge for me is
going to be just not
immediately cutting and running
yep
i think i think spot on so very
practically like what that's going to
look like in is you're going to do one
or two things and then there's going to
be a voice in your head that's going to
tell you hey these people think i'm
annoying
you can still you're still allowed to
cut the cord if you want to
but just be aware that you're doing it
and say to yourself like
in this moment i'm actually like this
just feels too uncomfortable for me and
i just don't want to take this chance
i'd rather not be friends at all than
take the chance that i'm annoying them
yeah
um
yeah oh i'm sorry i was just gonna say
that at least then it's like um
you have a i guess more of like a finite
answer rather than just being like
i don't know i don't know what happened
and i just made this up maybe how how do
you have a finite answer
i i meant like if you try to talk to
someone and you're more explicit about
kind of what you're
hoping to achieve and they i mean
i i mean i when you talk about it it's
like i have a hard time imagining
someone just being like
don't talk to me again you know but like
imagine if there was some equivalent of
of that where they're just like no
that's cool like i don't really want to
be friends or something like that um
so
very good yeah yeah no so
the the cool thing actually and this is
kind of bizarre but the really cool
thing is that human beings are evolving
to say that
so people didn't used to say that but
now like i've seen this sometimes like
people will post on like you know tinder
screenshots and stuff where people will
actually say like hey i'm you know i
think you're a wonderful person i just
didn't feel a spark and i'm not
interested in seeing you again that
that kind of communication is becoming
more common because of the nature of
human interactions has never required
that before
now it does and i think the interesting
thing is that even if someone told you
that hey i'm not interested in pursuing
a friendship with you i think you would
feel okay with that i think you would
actually like it like you'd be fine with
that it may hurt a little bit but the
closure and the simplicity of it i think
can be very like therapeutic
yeah
yeah i agree
so and the last thing that i'd say is
that you know just just look a as i can
i don't know how else to say that any
experience with meditation by the way
uh no
okay
so um i can maybe try to teach you
something in a little bit but
you know i would say that this thing is
gonna like arise in your mind i don't
know how else to put that does that make
sense to you
um
no okay so i want you to imagine this
people find me annoying
you remember the days of pop-up ads
it's gonna be like a pop-up ad like
you're going about your business you're
doing your thing you're browsing the web
you know looking at 4chan or whatever
and then like there are going to be
particular circumstances
in which
this thing is going to pop up in your
head and you're going to feel like
you're annoying someone you're going to
feel like the
outsider and i want you to just really
prepare for that pop-up ad and just
remember that just like a pop-up ad
just because there's something on your
screen that's telling you
that there are hot singles in your area
and you can take this this pill for
penis enlargement doesn't actually make
it real right that's coming from the
pop-up ad it's not actually coming from
like
reality
right
right and so the really confusing thing
about our human psychology is that our
mind tells us things that are based on
like our experience which is sort of
like our cookie history
right and so like that then we get
targeted with the kinds of things that
pop up but that's just based on our
history of what we've been browsing on
the internet
i remember one of my friends worked at
it and he was he was he worked at it in
it at a university and he was saying
that like you know like one of the
professors complained that like they
were getting all these like ads for like
gay pornography
and then and then the it dude was like
the ads are based on your browser
so he's like he's like there's it's not
a virus bro it's just
the internet just knows what you're
looking at yeah
and so in that way our mind also
populates our head with the trash that
we've engaged in in the past
yeah
and so i know it's kind of hard but as
you notice that pop-up come up if you
until you know it's a pop-up like you
just think it's what's there right it's
what your mind tells you it feels real
but just look for it wait for it it's
gonna pop out it's like it's trying to
you know spawn camp you
and it's gonna be waiting download
buttons when you're trying to download
something and there's like the real
download button and then there's like 12
fake download buttons and you have to
like figure out which one is the right
one absolutely and just like that your
mind is going to be feeding you lots of
crap that is not actually accurate
so and hopefully as you notice you can
not give into a little bit and like take
one step forward maybe have a
conversation with someone maybe kind of
try
and then my hope is that you'll actually
be able to form better connections over
time
thoughts questions
that sounds good that all makes a lot of
sense
i'm having trouble yeah
i was just gonna say i feel like i the
there's a lot of like analogies that
we've used today that i haven't like
really thought of in the past so i think
that gives me a lot to think about like
what
uh well the thing
that i
i default to assuming that people are
gonna be annoyed by me and so i i back
off the fact that i back off really
quickly at all
um and that i don't
super like i i feel like i'm trying but
i think that i am
kind of half trying you know i'm not
like really trying uh yeah
and the fact that a lot of that can be
it's
i mean like i'm aware that it's
something that's been a part of my life
even before streaming um so i know that
it's not directly as a result of
streaming it's just something that is
really exacerbated by the circumstances
of streaming
um
so yeah
and that's that was a beautiful summary
uh the one thing i'd kind of add i
really love the way you said you'd have
trying so here's what i think you're
doing i think you're trying really hard
in one direction and not trying it all
in like another direction
that also sounds like something that i
do yes yes
yeah right so you're willing to like
there's a certain game that you feel
very comfortable playing and you're like
a try hard there but i'm not going to
touch this other way right right
i'm really happy to hear by the way that
you're it sounds like you're in a
relationship and i hope that's going
very well for you um
you know be a little bit careful about
some of these things popping up there
like you may occasionally get a pop-up
ad but my sense is that once you get to
a certain tier of intimacy with someone
the pop-up ad stop
maybe
do you get pop-up ads with your mom
uh no
sometimes
so
it's not the same kind of bad but
i wonder if my mom loves me i'm not sure
so
i think a lot of it may have to do with
your intrinsic sense of value so when
you feel valued and loved by someone i
suspect the pop-up ads will stop
but
anyway
um
now i have to you want to talk a little
bit about meditation or you have any
questions before we kind of potentially
do meditation and wind down anything
else you want to talk about
uh nope
i think we're good
um so
meditation yay
you don't have to say yes you're allowed
to say no i've never not really like
done it before so i don't know
i don't know how to say yes or no
because i'm not sure what it is
okay
i mean i understand the general concept
of meditation but
never tried it before
okay let me think for a second
okay so i'd like to teach you a
meditative practice that will ideally
help you with your relationships
okay
this meditation practice i'm afraid will
be a little bit memish
because it's going to be it's going to
involve
yeah it's gonna be a little bit mimic so
you're welcome to decline or ask for
something else okay
okay so in the theory of meditation
there's this idea that we have these
different chakras chakras which are
centers of energy
and that different chakras within our
body govern like different attributes of
our life
so scientifically if we look at the
science of meditation we know that
meditation has a lot of scientific
benefits like reduces our cortisol level
you know reduces our stress
reduces our experience of anxiety and
depression and all that kind of stuff
there's really and people have looked
so
i would say that there is evidence that
chakras do not exist
so we're not saying that we don't know
we're saying that people have looked for
it and have failed to find it
with me
at the same time i'd like to teach you a
practice that is
governs your swadhisthana chakra which
is the chakra that supposedly governs
relationships
okay okay the mean part of this is that
your swadhisthana chakra is located
halfway between your navel and your
perineum
okay the perennium is also colloqui you
know what the perennium is
nope okay so it's like the point halfway
between um
the
scrotum and the anus
the taint if it were i know it's kind of
neemish so the sweat is actually located
at like your pubic symphysis which is
like the point where your two hips your
hip bones kind of meet so for men it's
kind of like the top it's kind of like
where your bladder is basically
okay
so what's kind of meamish about this is
like that you know that region is close
to the genitals and so everyone's like
hahaha genitals
so
um for
you know you can kind of view the
swadhisthana chakra is kind of like
where
um yeah so it's your pubic symphysis so
it's kind of like at the top of your
in the center at the top of your hips
like we think about hips on the outside
but the hips actually wrap around and
they like touch in the center okay
so what we're gonna do
is
actually breathe into that part of your
body
it's just a very introductory practice
okay so i want you to sit up straight
you okay doing this or is that too weird
for you like too close to them
all right so i want you to think for a
second about you know when you really
need to pee like where do you feel that
okay right so you know like the general
region of the body
so i'm going to ask you to sit up
straight
and close your eyes
okay
and slowly start to breathe in through
your nose
okay
and so notice that cool air entering
your nose you'll feel the coolness in
your in your nose
maybe in the back of your throat
maybe in the pit of your throat
you'll feel your lungs expand
you can go ahead and exhale whenever you
know whenever you're ready to
then as you breathe in again
you can kind of notice like your solar
plexus area will also kind of maybe feel
cool or expand a little bit
and then let the breath go down into the
abdomen
go ahead and exhale
and now when you breathe in i want you
to push your belly button out so expand
your abdomen let your diaphragm come
down
and then breathe out and contract your
abdomen
and let's just focus on abdominal
breathing for just a second so deep
breath in push the belly out
and exhale let the belly relax
pull your navel in towards your spine
if people are watching y'all can do this
too
some of the imagery may not work for you
it's not a big deal you don't have to
try to do everything just go with the
general direction of it
and now take a deep breath in follow the
breath all the way from the nose down
into the throat expanding the chest into
the abdomen
and then exhale and notice the warmth of
the return flow
and take a few moments to breathe
expanding the abdomen with each breath
contracting the abdomen
and now what i want you to do is notice
that when you expand the abdomen
there's kind of like a bottom
part of the abdomen
which is going to be kind of right at
your pubic synthesis synthesis
as you breathe in
you're going to kind of feel almost like
a slight pressure around your bladder
do you feel that
so i want you to focus on the spot where
you feel that pressure
and then as you exhale you'll notice a
relaxation in the area of your bladder
that that pressure kind of gets relieved
and gets loosened
and kind of like
i don't know how to say this but when
you breathe in it's like you're pushing
something into that
and when you breathe out you're creating
a vacuum and letting it kind of come out
does that make sense at all
yeah i think so
cool that means you're doing it right
so now what i want you to
just practice sort of
pushing the breath into that part of
your body and letting the breath come
out of that body and it's almost like
you're
bringing like cool nourishing air
and that you're letting out like heat
and toxicity and like like pent up
energy
so kind of breathe
into the pubic bone and out of the pubic
bone breathe into the bladder or out of
the bladder call it whatever you want to
and now i want you to think about the
sensation
of bothering people
and recognize that there are times where
your mind is telling you
oh this person doesn't like you
or that this person wouldn't enjoy
hanging out with you
or other kinds of negative thoughts
and imagine that all those negative
thoughts are kind of stored
in that
where the pubic symphysis is in the
swathe of chakra and that with each
breath
you're bringing stuff into that and
letting those kind of like negative
thoughts out
and we're gonna do three more breaths
nice and slow
and now let yourself relax
kind of shrug your shoulders a little
bit move around
when you're ready you can kind of open
your eyes
okay
what was that like
uh it was a bit weird at first because
i'm aware that i'm on camera um
but it was
relaxing
where did the sense of weirdness go
uh
i i just left i guess
yes
so that is the purpose of meditation
right so when you say weirdness like
your mind may have been thinking oh what
do people think about me
right oh no so the weirdness i would
even argue as a pop-up
being concerned about the opinions of
others and so the purpose of this
practice is to do away with those kinds
of thoughts
right so as you the next time you feel
the bungee cord pulling you back
i'd practice this maybe three times a
week or
potentially even every day but i'd shoot
for three times a week five minutes
that's it
okay 15 minutes a week
and then if you the next time you kind
of engage in a social interaction and
you feel that pop-up coming up
close your eyes for a second breathe
into the bladder
and then
try to like
act in a slightly different way
okay
cool
thoughts questions
conclusions
um
well we kind of summarized before i feel
like there's a lot of analogies that
will help me
think about
how i'm interacting with people and
what i what i default to and how i can
um
kind of change that
yeah and
the meditation thing is
um
something i i'll try
i'm not like i'm not against it it's
just something that i've never really
done sure
so
you don't have to do it yeah but it's
just something that i offer and if you
know if it works for you great if it
doesn't work for you no big deal and now
the next time some someone asks you have
you ever tried meditation you can say
yeah i've tried it once
yeah
it's okay
you know so that's the point right so
it's it's not to commit to anything or
anything like that it's just it's just
give it a shot
it works for you great if not no biggie
all right
okay do you want to just tell us one
last time and where we can kind of find
you and and what you are known for and
what people can expect if they come to
your channel
yeah um
well i stream on twitch so it's
twitch.tv ammunition and
i play a lot of fps games i
play sometimes some variety games but
usually i'm playing escape from tarkov
or rainbow six siege stuff like that
um
i you use the term even keeled which i
think is a good way to describe me um so
that's probably what you can expect
and yeah i stream all the time so well
thank you so much for coming in i hope
this has been helpful good luck to you
thank you
and uh yeah thanks a lot for coming
great yeah thank you so much take care
bye
you